capital = 152

oob = "ANG_1936"

recruit_character = ANG_dark_council
recruit_character = ANG_red_council
recruit_character = ANG_elphir
recruit_character = ANG_sauron

recruit_character = ANG_Witch_king
recruit_character = ANG_Khamul
recruit_character = ANG_Uvantha
recruit_character = ANG_Hoarmurath
recruit_character = ANG_Dwar
recruit_character = ANG_Adunaphel
recruit_character = ANG_Akhorahil
recruit_character = ANG_Ji_Indur
recruit_character = ANG_Ren

recruit_character = ANG_brinley
recruit_character = ANG_bothhelm
recruit_character = ANG_jartar
recruit_character = ANG_hrothhelm
recruit_character = ANG_ferdan
recruit_character = ANG_skalhar
recruit_character = ANG_thorvith
recruit_character = ANG_jarnwar
recruit_character = ANG_raegveta

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
}

# Cav techs
if = {
	limit = { cavalry_designer_is_enabled = yes }
	set_technology = {
		designer_basic_cav = 1
		designer_horse_drawn_infantry = 1
		designer_trade_caravan = 1
	}
}
else = {
	set_technology = {
		basic_cav = 1
		horse_drawn_infantry = 1
		trade_caravan = 1
	}
}

# Navy techs
if = {
	limit = { ship_designer_is_enabled = yes }
	set_technology = {
		designer_transport = 1
		designer_merchant_ship = 1
		designer_longship_0 = 1
		designer_war_galley_0 = 1
	}
}
else = {
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		merchant_ship = 1
		longship_0 = 1
		war_galley_0 = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	low_taxes
	limited_exports
	volunteer_service
	elite_mercenaries
	ANG_shell_of_a_formor_power
	ANG_legacy_of_the_witch_king_0
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = unaligned
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	cooperative = 7
	belligerent = 31
	revolutionary = 5
	unaligned = 57
}