capital = 831

oob = "ECU_1936"

recruit_character = ECU_bingir
recruit_character = ECU_markthor
recruit_character = ECU_foldgraf
recruit_character = ECU_brothi
recruit_character = ECU_domor
recruit_character = ECU_eirek
recruit_character = ECU_grotur
recruit_character = ECU_laurik
recruit_character = ECU_margald
recruit_character = ECU_spalvi
recruit_character = ECU_belgur
recruit_character = ECU_thorind
recruit_character = ECU_thorinn
recruit_character = ECU_dori
recruit_character = ECU_dwalin
recruit_character = ECU_gimli
recruit_character = ECU_bombur
recruit_character = ECU_bifur
recruit_character = ECU_bofur
recruit_character = ECU_gorli
recruit_character = ECU_linoin
recruit_character = ECU_marshal_dain
recruit_character = ECU_burmi

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


puppet = NOR
#further down: reload Moria politics
add_opinion_modifier = { target = MEN modifier = past_quarrels }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.12.15"
	election_frequency = 84
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	fascism = 20
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 47
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Daín II Ironfoot"
	desc = "POLITICS_KING_ZOG_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Erebor_Dain.dds"
	expire = "1940.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = { dislikes_mirkwood }
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Daín II Ironfoot"
	desc = "POLITICS_KING_ZOG_DESC"
	picture = "Portrait_Erebor_Dain.dds"
	expire = "1940.1.1"
	ideology = liberalism
	traits = { dislikes_mirkwood }
	
}

### Reload Moria because it's broken otherwise :<
NOR = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1933.10.16"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 15
		fascism = 0
		communism = 2
		neutrality = 83
	}
}