capital = 762

oob = "GEO_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = GEO_gelnor
recruit_character = GEO_golthor
recruit_character = GEO_halhir
recruit_character = GEO_inthol
recruit_character = GEO_meldir
recruit_character = GEO_norhun
recruit_character = GEO_candur
recruit_character = GEO_damrod
recruit_character = GEO_echil
recruit_character = GEO_arthon
recruit_character = GEO_denethord
recruit_character = GEO_denethorn
recruit_character = GEO_gothmog
recruit_character = GEO_ivriniel
recruit_character = GEO_boromir
recruit_character = GEO_faramir
recruit_character = GEO_golasgil
recruit_character = GEO_duinhir
recruit_character = GEO_hirluin
recruit_character = GEO_irolas
recruit_character = GEO_ferdand
recruit_character = GEO_everlau
recruit_character = GEO_imrahil

set_convoys = 25

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	convoy_tech = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

create_faction = gondor_alliance

give_guarantee = URG

puppet = ANG

add_ideas = GEO_kingdom_without_king

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 43
	fascism = 4
	communism = 3
	neutrality = 50
}
