capital = 163

oob = "GON_3018"

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = GON_denethor
recruit_character = GON_gothmog
recruit_character = GON_ivriniel
recruit_character = GON_boromir
recruit_character = GON_faramir
recruit_character = GON_golasgil
recruit_character = GON_duinhir
recruit_character = GON_hirluin
recruit_character = GON_irolas
recruit_character = GON_ferdand
recruit_character = GON_hurin
recruit_character = GON_beregond
recruit_character = GON_angbor
recruit_character = GON_mablung
recruit_character = GON_anborn
recruit_character = GON_hirgorn
recruit_character = GON_ingold
recruit_character = GON_bronwen
recruit_character = GON_creighton
recruit_character = GON_normand

recruit_character = GON_King_Dead

set_convoys = 25

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

# Cav techs
if = {
	limit = { cavalry_designer_is_enabled = yes }
	set_technology = {
		designer_basic_cav = 1
		designer_light_cav2 = 1
		designer_horse_drawn_infantry = 1
		designer_trade_caravan = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { cavalry_designer_is_enabled = no }
	set_technology = {
		basic_cav = 1
		light_cav2 = 1
		horse_drawn_infantry = 1
		trade_caravan = 1
	}
}

# Navy techs
if = {
	limit = { ship_designer_is_enabled = yes }
	set_technology = {
		designer_transport = 1
		designer_merchant_ship = 1
		designer_longship_0 = 1
		designer_war_galley_0 = 1
		designer_caravel_0 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { ship_designer_is_enabled = no }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
		merchant_ship = 1
		longship_0 = 1
		war_galley_0 = 1
		caravel_0 = 1
	}
}

create_faction = gondor_alliance

add_ideas = GON_kingdom_without_king_0
add_ideas = GON_weary_armed_forces

add_to_tech_sharing_group = gondor_research

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = unaligned
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	cooperative = 33
	belligerent = 4
	revolutionary = 3
	unaligned = 60
}

set_autonomy = {
	target = DAM
	autonomous_state = autonomy_fiefdom
}
