capital = 766

oob = "JOR_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = JOR_eowyn
recruit_character = JOR_frithelm
recruit_character = JOR_winedag
recruit_character = JOR_baldeg
recruit_character = JOR_langfrith
recruit_character = JOR_dudmund
recruit_character = JOR_thurnoth
recruit_character = JOR_tidwine
recruit_character = JOR_ulf
recruit_character = JOR_ingild
recruit_character = JOR_hutha
recruit_character = JOR_theoden
recruit_character = JOR_theoden_old
recruit_character = JOR_grima
recruit_character = JOR_theodred
recruit_character = JOR_marshal_theoden
recruit_character = JOR_marshal_theodred
recruit_character = JOR_eomer
recruit_character = JOR_elfhelm
recruit_character = JOR_gamling
recruit_character = JOR_grimbold
recruit_character = JOR_hama
recruit_character = JOR_erkenbrand
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank=1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 13
	communism = 7
	neutrality = 25
}
