capital = 73

recruit_character = MOC_gulthurg
recruit_character = MOC_bane
recruit_character = MOC_gheglarg
recruit_character = MOC_ogrukh
recruit_character = MOC_cavetroll
recruit_character = MOC_boldog
recruit_character = MOC_military_council
recruit_character = MOC_bolg
recruit_character = MOC_shagrat
recruit_character = MOC_agdon
recruit_character = MOC_uzdin
recruit_character = MOC_sezrodh
recruit_character = MOC_azrorg
recruit_character = MOC_ugdinoen
recruit_character = MOC_ugdin
recruit_character = MOC_ugdon
recruit_character = MOC_gozdon
recruit_character = MOC_azgod
recruit_character = MOC_azrorg
recruit_character = MOC_zirgil
recruit_character = MOC_zeroth
recruit_character = MOC_gordoth
recruit_character = MOC_izdorog
recruit_character = MOC_azrash
recruit_character = MOC_borgakh
recruit_character = MOC_dushara
recruit_character = MOC_grukthar
recruit_character = MOC_larak
recruit_character = MOC_mogrul
recruit_character = MOC_zalara
recruit_character = MOC_krognar
recruit_character = MOC_Ratbag

MOC_gulthurg = { set_character_flag = fs_avoid_sending_on_interception }


set_research_slots = 3

add_ideas = {
	limited_levy
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = revolutionary
	last_election = "1933.10.16"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	cooperative = 0
	belligerent = 0
	revolutionary = 100
	unaligned = 0
}